Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
What the hell
do you want, man?
I know you're not
dealing the coke,
you're muling it.
- What's your end?
- 100 per shipment.
Now 50 of that is mine.
I need a dead Son
for the Niner
and the cop you killed.
When that happens,
you get out to earn.
Word from upstairs
is one of you four
leaves in a bag.
I got this.
We got a little
action going,
put odds on how
long he'll last.
I'll find out who you
are and where you live,
and then
I'm gonna kill you.
We never rubbed up
against a guy like Pope.
I say
we agree to his terms.
Maybe we can even use
this guy to our advantage.
What advantage is that?
Those home invasions,
that's got to be black.
Eli, is that you?
I've got a gun,
and I'm calling 911.
[gunshot, screaming]
Oh, shit.
How do you know there's
a RICO case against the Sons?
Otto Delaney turned.
Gave up Bobby's
involvement as history.
You have to prove
Otto's testimony was false.
Can you get to him?
My association
with the club,
they won't let me
near him.
I need you to fill out
this paperwork.
CDC approval?
I'm gonna be doing some
gratis work at the prison.
I was just telling my daughter
how you almost got her
husband killed today.
[grunting]
Good morning.
Morning.
Sorry, I just, um...
I fell asleep on the daybed.
I passed out
on the couch.
Jax put us all to bed.
Hmm.
Where is he?
Oakland.
Club business.
Hey, baby.
I have some meetings
off-site today.
You want to stop by
and check on them?
Okay.
Thanks.
Jesus Christ.
I know.
Rita's
in intensive care.
Who the hell
is doing this to us?
This sheriff already thinks
these attacks are
connected to us.
After this, he's gonna have
gang task force up our ass.
Complicates everything.
None of these attacks
are coming out of my camp.
I know that for sure.
Then I need your help
finding out who it is.
I need a name,
and I need a 20.
'Cause I got to shut
this shit down.
I'll see what I
can find out.
50.
Half of our last mule.
You're an impressive
young man.
Yeah, I get that a lot.
I got a proposal
for you and SAMCRO.
Does it involve children
and bonfires?
You are currently
hauling back 20, 30 keys?
30.
If you were to double your
haul-back, say 60 keys,
I could move half
of that in a day.
Where?
Reno, parts of Vegas.
I'd have the Niners
distribute.
No bigger risk for you.
30, 40, 100 keys,
it's all the same
trafficking charge.
What's in it for us?
I pay you another hundred
on top of what
the cartel gives you.
We don't take a bite
out of any of it.
I don't know.
My crew wants out
of the drug game.
What do you want?
Listen,
you talk to the cartel,
run it past your club.
In the interim,
I'll arrange a sit-down
with the Mayans,
Lin, and the Niners.
If you decide
it makes sense for SAMCRO,
you take the meeting,
bring everybody up to speed.
If you pass on the deal,
we keep things as is.
Fair enough?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll also kick back 2%
of my profits on
the 30 keys to you.
Gentlemen's agreement,
just between us.
You make millions
in real estate
and other legit trade.
Why do you still
risk this shit?
Is it the rush?
I'm just a businessman, son.
My most profitable
and most reliable business
is narcotics.
Always has been.
I've learned how to do it
the right way.
With the right people,
there is no risk.
You let me know.
How's she doing?
The same.
She fought back.
Gave one of them
a pretty good scratch.
Good for her.
The DNA?
I sent it to the lab.
Got you on mandatory leave.
Yeah, ten days.
Anything I can do?
I'm not stepping
away from this.
Understandable.
I-I'm here.
You know,
sounding board, whatever.
You know, this has got
to be the East Dub crew
hitting me for bringing
their guys in.
They answer
to Damon Pope.
Doubt he'd sign off
on hitting a sheriff.
Then it's the same crew
doing the other attacks.
Retaliation of some sort.
Either way,
it's tied to the MC.
Yeah.
I'm starting to see that.
Mr. Roosevelt,
may I speak with you?
I'm very sorry.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
I'm very pleased
by this, Clay.
Lung is looking very,
very good.
O2 levels are in the mid 90s.
You're doing the rehab?
Yeah.
Feeling pretty strong.
I can see that.
You heal well.
Well, unless you're planning
on climbing any mountains,
you're not gonna
need that anymore.
Okay, good.
So, keep up with
the rehab, no cigars.
I'll see you
in two months.
Hey, thanks, Doc.
You got it.
How'd it go?
[groans]
Not so good.
I'm sorry, man.
I'll meet you
at the van.
Sure.
Hey.
How's Rita?
[sighs]
Didn't make it.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Did you talk to Eli?
Not since she passed.
He busted a bunch of
the East Dub Crew yesterday.
Must have been retaliation.
They'd be the, uh,
obvious suspects.
And Pope runs them.
That he does.
That's what don't make
sense to me.
Everybody knows that Pope
is tied to the streets,
but nobody can touch him
because he's too smart.
Attacking a cop's wife?
That ain't smart.
You got another theory?
It feels local to me,
you know?
Like someone in Charming,
maybe working out
a-a personal beef.
Somebody
stirring the pot,
getting folks
all scared.
[sighs]
Trying to tear shit up
from the inside.
You got any proof
of that?
Not yet.
But it looks like Rita
clawed back at one of them,
and the sheriffs
are running the DNA.
Good.
Yeah.
I'll keep you posted.
Appreciate that.
Oh, you check in
on Gemma?
I'm guessing this Rita thing
has got her shaken up.
No, I'll...
I'll leave the TLC to you.
Right.
[sigh]
Oh, sh...!
Shit!
[gasping]
How the hell'd
you get in here?
One of my old skill sets.
What is this?
Let's go to your bedroom.
Why?
What do you want?
[line ringing]
Walk.
Hey.
Yeah. It's me.
Bedroom.
[chuckles] Yeah, it was.
No, no, no. I'm fine, baby.
Nope.
Just visiting
a friend of yours.
I pressed Pope on these
home invasions.
He swears it ain't
coming from him.
He's gonna dig
into the street,
see if he can turn up
some new intel, but--
Jax.
You believe this guy?
Look, we all know
who this guy is
and what he's capable of.
But what he's doing now
suggests
he's telling the truth.
Like what, taking half
our muling cut?
Like offering to double it.
Pope can push another 30 keys
east through Reno.
We talked to Luis.
Galindo can easily
up the supply.
Now, what that means for us is
we'll haul 60 keys
back from A-Z.
Pope gives us the 50
he was gonna take--
adds another
hundred on top.
This guy realizes
he can make a lot more
money if we're an ally.
You know,
I've seen guys
like Damon Pope before.
I know how they operate.
They make you offers
too good to pass up,
they line your pockets
with easy cash,
and before you know it,
you're wearing shackles,
calling him Massa.
My club is never gonna
be anyone's boy.
Clay's right, man.
This shit gets us deeper.
We're getting
out of the coke haul.
That's a promise.
But for now, for me,
this makes sense.
Let's vote it.
Everyone in favor.
Yea.
No.
I'm sorry, man.
It's a mistake. No.
Nah.
Yeah.
Yea.
Aye.
Six-five. Passes.
You heading
to the garage?
Yeah.
Close vote.
Table's dividing.
I know.
Yeah.
You hear from Tara?
Not yet.
Well, it's a-- it's
a simple, uh, system.
The inmates
fill out requests,
and we screen 'em,
and you treat 'em
as best you can.
Okay, so you give
Bucky the form,
and then he brings you
the patient.
Of course, anybody
makes you uncomfortable,
he's just right
outside the door.
I think I got it.
Thanks.
Good, good.
[door buzzes]
[door closes]
You got to be
shittin' me.
God damn it.
Gemma?
Back here.
That's who you called?
Thought you'd be pleased.
Gemma?
[sighs]
Jesus Christ.
You okay?
She's fine.
¿Estás tratando
de chingarme?
English, baby. I don't
want her to miss anything.
Come on, Carla.
Just stop.
You gonna use that on me?
Get undressed.
Wh-What?
Naked.
In the bed.
Both of you.
You are out of your
goddamn head.
- Do it!
- No!
[gasping]
Sweet brother,
or I'm gonna kill her.
All right, all right,
all right.
Easy, easy.
Easy, Carla.
Turn around.
Get in bed.
Pope and the Sons have
settled their differences.
We're good
with the Niners again.
Yeah, I heard about
the shift in management.
We here for a group hug?
Maybe.
Pope wants us to double
the haul-back-- 60 keys.
He's gonna push 30
east through Reno.
Stays clear of Oakland.
Niners are in bed
with Pope.
How do I know his end
don't flood my turf?
'Cause we ain't
looking for beefs.
We'll step and bag it,
run it outside,
the same way you do
up north.
Nothing changes in Oakland.
Your gun deals and action
stay the same.
And I'm supposed to
just trust that shit?
This came
straight from Pope.
Look, anything goes wrong,
I'll squash it.
Oh, you'll squash it?
The MC running
with Pope's hit squad now?
No, I'm taking
responsibility.
We got to think outside
the hood, boys.
Staying in Pope's sunshine
is good for all of us.
You clear this
with Romeo?
Luis. He's good.
Cartel likes the idea of being
in business with Pope.
Lot of shit happening with you
at the head of the table, ese.
I inherited this shit.
Keep black in line.
We're good.
Yeah, I'm good.
Like I got a choice, man.
All right.
Hey, let's do this
more often.
I miss you guys.
Let's roll.
Vamos. Come on.
You got my name and address?
Yeah. But not the one
you asked for.
Can't shake nothing lose
from the home invasions.
Street don't know shit.
Then what is that?
Mr. Pope thought this
might buy some goodwill.
Prove his intentions
are aboveboard
and looking forward.
How do I know this is
the right place?
♪ That was the first ♪
♪ And last way she said... ♪
Shit.
No children.
Wife works till 6:00.
There's a chicken place
around the corner.
Your crew
can meet you there.
Call Tig.
Have him bring the wagon.
[phone beeps]
Now what?
Get him hard.
GEMMA: What?
Suck his dick.
Jesus Christ.
Carla...
easy, easy, easy.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
All right.
[sobbing quietly]
[loud sobbing]
I'm not doing it.
I'm not doing it!
Get back in bed.
¿Quieres matar? Huh?
Va lo.
Go ahead.
[speaking Spanish]
Go ahead, Carla.
No. Go ahead. Come on.
Come on, do it.
Yeah, do it! Do it!
I'm sorry.
I just wanted to go out
watching you
do your thing.
- No, no, no, no, no!
- Aah!
Oh...! No!
[sobbing] No, no, no.
[gasping]
[Nero speaking Spanish softly]
[continues in Spanish]
She called you
"sweet brother."
Who was she?
Just...
Half-sister.
I found her down in Berdoo.
Put her in rehab,
got her on the right meds.
Carla was the one
that helped me.
She helped me turn legit.
Guess she was
in love with you.
Yeah.
And the sister thing
made that a little messy.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can see that.
Okay, so all this stuff
with you stirred it up,
and, uh, she stopped
taking her meds, huh?
Oh, man.
I'm sorry.
[scoff]
I don't... I don't know.
I don't know what to do here.
No cops.
Only complicates shit.
She have any other family?
No, no, no f...
No family.
All right, then we
do it off the books.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
All right, now, go and...
you make sure your other
girls are in one piece.
I'll take care of her.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come on.
It's gonna be okay.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Hmm.
[phone buzzing]
[sighs]
[line ringing]
Hi. This is Wayne.
You know what to do.
[beep, Gemma sighs]
[phone clicks shut]
[sighs]
Hope you're happy, bitch.
[keypad beeps]
♪♪ [country western]
[door bangs open]
Hey, shite bag.
Don't! Don't!
Remember me?
I keep my promises.
[gun cocks]
Get out of my house!
[shouting]
Ohh!
Let's tie this bitch up.
Come here, you prick.
[muffled groaning]
Let's go!
[crying]
This one's a problem.
No, she's not.
[crying]
CHIBS:
The hell you doing?
Jesus Christ, Tig.
[Sergeant weeping]
She's collateral damage.
Ope's murder.
[Sergeant sobs]
Yeah. What about him?
Find a pipe.
I told the guard
I don't need med care.
I know.
My name is Tara Knowles,
Otto.
My husband is Jax Teller.
I remember you.
The Feds won't let
the club see you.
I volunteered here
because I have some things
I need to tell you.
Things?
The club
didn't betray you.
What Bobby told you
was the truth.
- Don't.
- Otto.
No. I'm done
with this shit.
What happened to Bobby
is on Bobby.
I'm dead soon, doc.
Just leave me alone.
Bobby got out.
Feds have stalled
the RICO case.
Jax and Bobby are the only
ones who know about it.
Feds need you, Otto.
Your execution
stalls with the case.
It could be years.
Jax knows you're angry,
but the club needs you
to reverse your testimony.
This RICO case
will kill SAMCRO.
Anything you want,
anything you need,
they'll try
and make it happen.
Uh...
And they're gonna do
that through you?
Yes.
Get on your knees.
What?
You said anything
I want, so...
get on your knees.
I'm not going to do that.
Me, either.
No more visits, doc.
Do not make me do
something horrible.
[knocking]
Jesus Christ.
You know why she did this?
Not really.
You and Nero?
Was he here?
That doesn't matter.
Yeah, you're right.
[groans]
Look, I'm sorry.
I, uh, I didn't know
who else to call.
I don't want
the club to know.
It's been a little rough
with me and Tara.
Jax, too.
I-I just don't want him
to find out.
No, no, I get it.
Um...
I'm gonna need
a little help.
I trust Juice.
He won't say anything.
Okay.
Uh, I'm supposed to, um,
go see the kids
at day care.
No, go ahead.
I'll handle this.
You sure?
Thanks.
Hey, you mind if I,
uh, come by later,
check in on you?
I can do a sweep
for crazy bitches.
Yeah, you can come by.
No pipe,
but I found these.
Small world.
Yeah, it is.
Take his gag off.
Anyone figures out
this was you guys,
you know what happens
next time you're inside?
You wager how long it
takes to kill one of us?
Please.
I'm sorry about your friend.
I was told to do it.
It wasn't my call.
Don't pass the buck,
man.
That's weak.
I want to hear
how sorry you are.
I am sorry.
Oh, God.
I'm sorry.
Please.
I'll do anything you want.
Help anyone inside.
Please!
I'm still not feeling it.
[sobbing]
BOBBY:
We doing this?
I got this.
[snow globe
plays lilting tune]
[whimpering]
[grunt]
CHIBS: Jackie.
Jackie.
Come on.
[lilting tune continues]
It's done.
I figured I'd drop the bodies
in Chigger Woods.
Aye, good,
but you'll need Happy.
And Phil. They get hikers
up through there.
You got to put 'em in deep.
I will.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
I am.
That was really good
for me.
Hey.
[phone keypad beeps]
[ring tone plays]
Up high.
Down low.
Oh! Too slow.
Up high. There you go.
Uh, down low.
Hey.
Hi.
You.
Thomas asleep?
He went down
right after he ate.
How did your meetings go?
Oh. Boring.
Pointless, actually.
Yeah.
That kind of day.
Mm.
Well, I got someone,
uh, cleaning rugs
at the house.
See you.
Hey, bye, babe.
Good to see you.
See you later.
Thanks for doing this.
Yeah, anytime.
Settled your score?
Yeah.
And you still think
I'm responsible for
the attacks in Charming?
I don't know.
I'm trying to put together
another scenario
that makes sense.
Your deal's a go.
The club and the cartel
signed off.
Good.
Glad it all worked out.
Next mule is in a week.
We start then.
Look inside.
Close the door.
These attacks...
friends, family, now cops.
All that blowback
lands in your lap.
Somebody's trying
to compromise you.
So trust no one.
Loyalty
has contingencies.
You know what happens
if I take a bullet?
Yeah. Your hit squad
settles the score.
Independent
security contractors.
First one
who kills my killer
gets five million dollars.
Fear protects me.
Greed ensures it.
Well, the next time
I have a spare five mil,
I'll hire myself
some assassins.
You don't need money,
Jackson.
Just the ability
to see the inevitable.
Have a good night.
Hey,
I tried calling you.
Oh, yeah?
What do you need now?
Nothing.
I was just, uh, I was
just checking in.
I guess you heard
about Rita.
Yeah.
Crazy shit.
That it is.
I got to...
check on Eli.
Where's he land
with this?
He lands
with a dead wife.
Hey.
What's going on with you?
This Nero guy.
What the hell is it?
He's a friend.
[scoffs] I see.
A friend.
Am I a friend, Gemma?
Yeah.
Same kind of friend?
Oh, Christ.
I can't do this right now.
And when should we do
this, Gemma? Huh?
Next time you kiss me?
Look, I'm sorry, Wayne.
I love you, sweetheart.
But you got to trust me.
If we hooked up right now,
it would just ruin us.
There ain't no us, Gemma.
And you got no friends.
You just got people that
would do shit for you.
And then you throw
the poor suckers a smile
and a promise to keep
'em coming back.
All right. I get it.
You're pissed.
It ain't just me.
Open your eyes, Mother.
Everybody
knows who you are.
Jax and Tara, they ain't
ever gonna let you
do to-- to their family
what you did to JT
and your own boys.
You better wrap your head
around that fact.
'Cause you're
gonna die alone.
Just like me.
[honking]
Pull over!
Piss off, asshole.
I said pull over!
- Bobby!
- Jesus.
- Bobby.
- You good?
- What the hell?
BOBBY: Yes.
- Eli.
- Oh, you!
What is your problem,
you doony bastard?
Oh, nice.
Really? Come on here!
[all yelling]
BOBBY: Help me bend
these bars back.
That was some outlaw
shit, man.
I'm sorry about your wife.
It's tied to you guys.
I know it is.
Look, man, no one wants
these attacks to end
more than me.
If SAMCRO takes the heat,
all of this shit
lands in my lap.
Well, you reap
what you sow.
I'm gonna crush your club.
I just had a conversation
with Damon Pope.
He assures me
these attacks aren't him.
Which means
we ain't the cause.
Now, why would you be
sitting down with Pope?
Let's just say we've
reached an understanding--
one that stops
getting people killed.
Why don't we consider
the same thing?
Help each other
find these scumbags
that are shitting
on our town.
First Unser, now the MC.
Just a few brothers
working together, huh?
I can't imagine how much
pain you're in right now,
but we ain't the cause.
Please let me know
if I can help.
And don't do this again.
Hey, Gemma?
[knock on door]
Gemma?
She ain't here.
Okay.
When you see her, uh...
tell her I came by.
I cleaned things up.
Your girl,
she's being cremated.
I'll get you the ashes
if you want to do
something with them.
Yeah.
I appreciate that.
This thing...
with Gemma...
is it going anywhere?
Come on, man.
I'm not gonna answer that.
Man to man...
just tell me.
I don't know.
That's the truth.
[door opens]
Hey.
Hi.
Did you get my messages?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I had to rush home
for the boys.
How'd it go?
Did you see Otto?
No.
I put in a request,
but they were backlogged.
I'm back next week.
Babe, you don't
have to do this.
I'm the only way
to get to Otto.
I can do this.
I promise.
We know you can,
darling.
How was Oakland?
Fine.
We're working things out
with Pope.
He's not behind
these attacks.
Hmm.
Otherwise,
it's a pretty quiet day.
Yep. Real quiet.
That's nice for a change.
Yeah.
I'm gonna kiss
the boys good night.
Then we got to close up
the garage.
Okay.
[sigh]
Hey.
Let's go up to the cabin
for a couple of days.
Decompress.
Yeah.
Um, I have
some things tomorrow,
but after that,
I'm-- I'm good.
All right. Let's go
tomorrow, then, after work.
What about the boys?
Bring them with us?
Just the two of us.
Who's gonna watch them?
Mind
if I have a seat?
Mind if I don't give a shit?
My therapist
warned me about this.
My insatiable attraction
to older, abusive women.
Who's your mommy?
Exactly.
Can I buy you a drink...
Mom?
Why not?
[knock knock]
You need anything?
I'm fine.
You did good today, Juicy.
Thanks.
Good night.
[engine starts]
Sorry, man.
We didn't know that she was--
Idiots.
You weren't supposed
to kill her.